Make sure webhook only returns the bots webhook (#900)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/webhooks.md

});
```

> To make sure the resulting webhook can be executed by your bot, you need to find a webhook that is managable by your bot. To do so, you can check if a token of the webhook exists.

Reviewer: In my opinion this sounds quite clunky and doesn't read all too well.

> Try to find a webhook your bot knows the token for. This makes sure your bot can execute the webhook lateron.

I find much easier to read, as an example. Feel free to rephrase or use a different way to phrase it altogether, of course.

Author: So for example:
```diff
- To make sure the resulting webhook can be executed by your bot, you need to find a webhook that is manageable by your bot. To do so, you can check if a token of the webhook exists.
+ Try to find a webhook your bot knows the token for. This makes sure your bot can execute the webhook later on.
```
Like that? I don't want to make an unnecessary commit.

Reviewer: sure, if you want to rephrase it, feel free

Author: Ok, I will do so.

client.login(token);
```

::: warning

> If your bot isn't the first webhook in the channel, it will give `[WEBHOOK_TOKEN_UNAVAILABLE]: This action requires a webhook token, but none is available.`
> :::
> 
> So, to fix this, we will only try to find our bot with the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your bot isn't the first webhook in the channel, it will throw `[WEBHOOK_TOKEN_UNAVAILABLE]: This action requires a webhook token, but none is available.`

To fix this, we will only try to find our bot's webhook with the following code:
:::
```

Also, please include the codeblock and "The code above reads..." *inside* the warning.

Author: Oh ok i will thanks

```diff
- const webhooks = await channel.fetchWebhooks();
- const webhook = webhooks.first();
+ const webhooks = await channel.fetchWebhooks();
+ const webhook = webhooks.find(wh => wh.owner.id === client.user.id);
```

> The code above reads all of the channel's webhooks and only gives the webhooks by the bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code above fetches all of the channel's webhooks and only return a webhook created by the bot.
```
